Basic Problems (Logic & Loops)
1. Palindrome Check – Check if a given string or number is a palindrome
2. Fibonacci Series – Generate the Fibonacci sequence up to n terms
3. Prime Number Check – Determine if a number is prime
4. Factorial Calculation – Find the factorial of a number
5. Armstrong Number – Check if a number is an Armstrong number
6. Reverse a Number – Reverse the digits of an integer
7. Sum of Digits – Calculate the sum of all digits in a number
8. Swapping Two Numbers – Swap two variables without using a third variable
9. Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) – Find GCD of two numbers using the Euclidean algorithm
10. Least Common Multiple (LCM) – Find LCM of two numbers
11. Even or Odd Check – Check if a number is even or odd
12. Largest of Three Numbers – Find the largest among three numbers
13. Square and Cube – Calculate square and cube of a number

String Manipulation
1. Reverse a String – Reverse a given string
2. Count Vowels and Consonants – Count vowels and consonants in a string
3. Remove Duplicates from a String – Remove duplicate characters from a string
4. Check Anagram – Check if two strings are anagrams
5. Find First Non-Repeating Character – Return the first unique character in a string
6. Check if String is a Pangram – Verify if a string contains all alphabets (A-Z)

Array Problems
1. Find the Largest & Smallest Element – Find max and min element in an array
2. Reverse an Array – Reverse the elements of an array
3. Find Second Largest Element – Find the second largest number in an array
4. Find Duplicates in an Array – Detect duplicate elements
5. Remove Duplicates from an Array
6. Sort an Array – Bubble, Selection, Insertion Sort
7. Merge Two Sorted Arrays – Merge two sorted arrays into one
8. Find Missing Number in an Array – From a sequence like 1 to N
9. Find Pair with Sum K – Find two numbers in an array that sum to K
10. Move Zeros to End – Move all zeros to the end
11. Intersection & Union of Two Arrays
12. Rotate an Array – Left/Right by K positions

Matrix (2D Array) Problems
1. Transpose of a Matrix – Convert rows to columns
2. Rotate Matrix by 90 Degrees
3. Check if Matrix is Symmetric
4. Sum of Diagonal Elements
5. Spiral Order Traversal of a Matrix

Searching & Sorting
1. Binary Search
2. Linear Search
3. Merge Sort
4. Quick Sort

Recursion & Backtracking
1. Tower of Hanoi
2. Recursive Fibonacci – Find nth Fibonacci number using recursion
3. Power of a Number (x^n)
4. Factorial Using Recursion
5. Print All Subsequences of a String
6. N-Queens Problem

Bit Manipulation
1. Check if a Number is Power of Two
2. Count Set Bits in a Number
3. Find Unique Element in Array – XOR method

Number Problems
1. Perfect Number Check
2. Decimal to Binary & Vice Versa
3. Harshad Number Check

Data Structure-Based Problems
1. Stack Using Array or Linked List
2. Queue Using Array or Linked List
3. Reverse a Linked List
4. Detect Loop in Linked List – Floyd’s Algorithm
5. Find Middle Element in Linked List
6. Merge Two Sorted Linked Lists
7. Intersection Point of Two Linked Lists

Functions
1. Prime Checker Function
2. Sum of Array Function
3. GCD Function

Miscellaneous
1. Print Numbers 1 to 10 using loop
2. Multiplication Table
3. Count Digits in Number
4. Balanced Parentheses Check
5. Next Greater Element in Array
